Mr. Gu
Wordy
Mr. Gu looks so angry
Could it be that the long-winded one provoked him?
Isn't Mr. Gu long-winded?
Let's go
Hey, what about Xuewei?
If Xuewei were at home
If that face was hit again, would he still be able to see anyone?
How could Yaoyao beat Xuewei?
You have known to protect Yunyao since you were a child
Do you still have Xue Wei in your heart?
It's all your sister
Your eccentricity is too strong
What about Zhao Tingchuan?
I'm not bringing him here.
You should stop this thought as soon as possible
Just get out of here
Ocean, are you okay?
Mom, you know to ask me if I'm okay?
Then why do you recognize Yaoyao again?
You know in your heart that you will protect you
I don't have a mother at all
You went too far.
Yaoyao is also your daughter
Why are you so cruel to him?
Okay, isn't he hurt?
I'll ask you again.
Will you let Zhao Tingchuan come back?
OK
The wings are hard
Let me ask you something, mom.